README.md, before:

# Welcome to the ConfigMgr-Hub repo.
This project is the place to share and collaborate on the best settings, reports, scripts, applications and other content for Configuration Manager. For more information about using the hub, see [Configuration Manager Community hub documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/core/servers/manage/community-hub).

## Contributor License Agreement

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Join the Community hub to contribute content

1. Go to the **Community hub** node in the **Community** workspace.
1. Click on **Your hub** and you'll be prompted to sign into GitHub. If you don't have an account, you'll be redirected to GitHub where you can create one. A GitHub account is only required to contribute and share content from the **Your hub** page.
1. Once you've signed into GitHub, click the **Join** button to join the Community hub.

   ![Join Configuration Manager's Community hub](./media/3555935-join-community-hub.png)

1. After joining, you'll see your membership request is pending. Your account needs approval by the Configuration Manager hub Content Curation team. Approvals are done once a day, so it may take up to one business day for your approval to be granted.
1. Once you're granted access, you'll get an email from GitHub. Open the link in the email to accept the invitation.

## Contribute content

Once you've accepted the invitation, you can contribute content.

1. Go to **Community** > **Community hub** > **Your hub**.
1. Click **Add an Item** to open the contribution wizard.
1. Specify the settings for the object:
   - **Type:**
     - CMPivot queries
     - PowerShell Scripts
     - Reports
     - Task sequences
     - Applications
     - Configuration items  
   - **Name:** Name of your object
   - **Description:** The description of the object you're contributing.
1. Click **Next** to submit the contribution.
1. Once the contribution is complete, you'll see the GitHub pull request (PR) link. The link is also emailed to you. You can paste the link into a browser to view the PR. Your PR will go though the standard GitHub merge process.
1. Click **Close** to exit the contribution wizard.
1. Once the PR has been completed and merged, the new item will show up on the Community hub home page for others to see.

## Next steps

For more information about using the hub, see [Configuration Manager Community hub documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/core/servers/manage/community-hub).

Learn more about creating and using the following objects in Configuration Manager:

- [Create and run PowerShell scripts](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/apps/deploy-use/create-deploy-scripts)
- [Introduction to reporting](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/core/servers/manage/introduction-to-reporting)
- [Create and manage task sequences](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/osd/deploy-use/manage-task-sequences-to-automate-tasks)
- [Create and deploy an application](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/apps/get-started/create-and-deploy-an-application)
- [Create configuration items](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/compliance/deploy-use/create-configuration-items)

Commit message:

Edits to instructions and intro. Screenshot edits

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the ConfigMgr-Hub repo
This repository is where reports, scripts, applications, and other hub content for Configuration Manager are stored. Pull requests (PRs) to this repository should be submitted with the Configuration Manager console using the instructions in this ReadMe file. For more information about using the hub, see [Configuration Manager Community hub documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/core/servers/manage/community-hub).

## Contributor License Agreement

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Join the Community hub to contribute content

1. Go to the **Community hub** node in the **Community** workspace.
1. Click on **Your hub** and you'll be prompted to sign into GitHub. If you don't have an account, you'll be redirected to GitHub where you can create one. A GitHub account is only required to contribute and share content from the **Your hub** page.
1. Once you've signed into GitHub, click the **Join** button to join the Community hub.

   ![Join Configuration Manager's Community hub](./media/3555935-join-community-hub.png)

1. After joining, you'll see your membership request is pending. Your account needs approval by the Configuration Manager Content Curation team. Approvals are done once a day, so it may take up to one business day for your approval to be granted.
1. Once you're granted access, you'll get an email from GitHub. Open the link in the email to accept the invitation.

## Contribute content

Once you've accepted the invitation, you can contribute content.

1. Go to **Community** > **Community hub** > **Your hub**.
1. Select **Add an Item** to open the contribution wizard.
      ![Join Configuration Manager's Community hub](./media/3555935-add-community-hub.png)
1. Specify the **Type** of object you want to share from the drop down menu. The following object types are available:
     - Configuration item
     - CMPivot query
     - Report
     - PowerShell Script
     - Task sequence
     - Application

1. Select **Browse** to load your environment's object list for the selected type. The object's **Name** and **Description** (if available) will automatically load in the contribution wizard.
1. Edit the following information to reflect what the community should see for your contribution:
   - **Name:** Name of your object
   - **Description:** The description of the object you're contributing.
1. Click **Next** to submit the contribution.
1. Once the contribution is complete, you'll see the GitHub pull request (PR) link. The link is also emailed to you. You can paste the link into a browser to view the PR. Your PR will go though the standard GitHub merge process.
   - PRs should be submitted through the Configuration Manager console, not directly to the GitHub repository.
1. Click **Close** to exit the contribution wizard.
1. Once the PR has been completed and merged, the new item will show up on the Community hub home page for others to see.

## Next steps

For more information about using the hub, see [Configuration Manager Community hub documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/core/servers/manage/community-hub).

Learn more about creating and using the following objects in Configuration Manager:

- [Create and run PowerShell scripts](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/apps/deploy-use/create-deploy-scripts)
- [Introduction to reporting](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/core/servers/manage/introduction-to-reporting)
- [Create and manage task sequences](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/osd/deploy-use/manage-task-sequences-to-automate-tasks)
- [Create and deploy an application](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/apps/get-started/create-and-deploy-an-application)
- [Create configuration items](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/compliance/deploy-use/create-configuration-items)
